Fix mbed-tool support (#76)
ARMmbed/mbed-os-example-thread-statistics: README.md

![](./resources/official_armmbed_example_badge.png)
# Thread statistics Mbed OS example

> The example project is part of the Arm Mbed OS Official Examples and is the getting started example for Mbed OS. It contains an application that demonstrates how to generate thread statistics in Mbed OS.

Reviewer: I don't think `and is the getting started example for Mbed OS` should be included. I'd add the same link to the examples that blinky has as well.
```suggestion
The example project is part of the [Arm Mbed OS Official Examples](https://os.mbed.com/code/). It contains an application that demonstrates how to generate thread statistics in Mbed OS.
```

> You can build the project with all supported Mbed OS build tools. However, this example project specifically refers to the command-line interface tool Arm Mbed CLI. (Note: To see a rendered example you can import into the Arm Online Compiler, please see our import quick start.)

Reviewer: The online compiler import quick start in the Mbed docs is for blinky, so that could be removed. It might also help to have a link to both mbed-cli and mbed-tools here, and to the Mbed docs build tools page.
```suggestion
You can build the project with all supported [Mbed OS build tools](https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-os/latest/tools/index.html). However, this example project specifically refers to the command-line interface tools, [Arm Mbed CLI 1](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-cli#installing-mbed-cli) and [Mbed CLI 2](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-tools#installation).
```

## Building and running

1. Connect a USB cable between the USB port on the board and the host computer.
1. Run the following command to build the example project and program the microcontroller flash memory:

    * Mbed CLI 2

    ```bash

>     $ mbed-tools compile -m <TARGET> -t <TOOLCHAIN> --flash

Reviewer 2: `mbed-tools` should support `--sterm`. Do we have a reason for removing it from the instructions?

Reviewer 3: It should stay, other updates similar to this contain slightly more detail info, we should align these: see https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-example-error-handling/pull/73/files
